Modularize and clarify LB architecture & considerations (#2940)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_components-of-a-load-balanced-setup.adoc

[id="components-of-a-load-balanced-setup_{context}"]

> = Components of a load-balanced setup

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Load balancing architecture
```

If the module described each "component" in detail, I would use the current title. But it is higher level, so I think it's more of an architecture description.

Author: The issue of using the term `architecture` for anything else than actual `system architecture` came up during a PR a few months ago. Additionally, I don't agree that a module needs to describe components (or anything else, really) in detail to justify using the word in headings: the module _is_ about components and their interactions.

Reviewer: Then maybe we only need to call this "Components". :-)

A load-balanced setup in a {Project} environment consists of the following components:

* {ProjectServer}
* Two or more {SmartProxyServers}
* A load balancer
* Multiple hosts

A host sends a request to the TCP load balancer.
The load balancer receives the request and determines which {SmartProxyServer} will handle the request to ensure optimal performance and availability.

> .{Project} load balancing solution architecture

Author: I think I actually missed this image heading in my review of the original content. I'd prefer to reuse the module heading here in some way.
```suggestion
.Components of a load-balanced setup
```

ifdef::satellite[]
image::common/load-balancing-architecture-satellite.png[Load balancing solution architecture]
endif::[]
ifdef::orcharhino[]

> image::common/load-balancing-architecture-orcharhino.svg[Load balancing solution architecture]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
image::common/load-balancing-architecture-orcharhino.svg[Components of a load-balanced setup]
```

endif::[]
ifndef::satellite,orcharhino[]

> image::common/load-balancing-architecture.png[Load balancing solution architecture]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
image::common/load-balancing-architecture.png[Components of a load-balanced setup]
```
